It's you wild girl
I accidentally hit my sister
Look at me today I will beat you to death
Miss Tsing Yi
Sorry.
You can only blame your identity for being too valuable
For this incredible wealth
I can only feel wronged by you.
Shuiyue, where is the Liu Jing you mentioned?
I need to see him.
It'll be fine right now, no problem.
Xiaohui, stop fighting
Come with me to meet your own sister
Don't waste your time on this wild duck
Bah
The game has only started for three days
The next three days
This young master accompanies you to play slowly
Grown up grown up
With these things
I, Liu Jing, am Su Qingyi, the eldest lady of the Su family.
Enjoying endless glory and wealth
Hello cousin
How are you doing?
Everything went well.
Now Mr. Zhou and Su Chang have believed my words
We're going to your house now.
You hurry up and prepare in advance
Never reveal mahjong
Don't worry, cousin.
You wrap it on me first